doc updates to support new core (#166)
opensouls/soul-engine: packages/soul-engine-docs/pages/blueprints/hooks/useProcessManager.mdx

Here's an example process that makes use of the `invocationCount` and `setNextProcess` in order to define a compelling stateful behavior:

```javascript filename="provokesSpeaker.js"
import { MentalProcess, mentalQuery, useProcessManager, useActions } from "@opensouls/engine";

> import { brainstorm, decision, externalDialog } from "./lib/cognitiveFunctions";

Reviewer: shouldn't mentalQuery come from cognitiveFunctions?

> import { brainstorm, decision, externalDialog } from "./lib/cognitiveFunctions";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { brainstorm, decision, externalDialog } from "./lib/cognitiveSteps";
```
?

import playsVictim from "./playsVictim.js";

const provokesSpeaker: MentalProcess = async ({ workingMemory }) => {
  const { speak } = useActions()
  const { invocationCount, setNextProcess } = useProcessManager()

  let response;
  // compute a line of dialog

>   [workingMemory, response] = externalDialog(workingMemory, "Try to provide the speaker")
>   speak(response)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [workingMemory, response] = await externalDialog(workingMemory, "Try to provoke the speaker")
  speak(response)
```
